Added blender material colors note (#1219)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/art/blender.md

Vertex painting is useful for adding color variation to your assets in a lightweight, efficient way, especially in stylized workflows or experiences where performance is a concern, as it can reduce texture memory usage and draw calls. Many Roblox creators use vertex painting in conjunction with Studio's default materials, `Class.MaterialVariant` objects, and `Class.SurfaceAppearance` objects to create visual complexity on otherwise simple 3D objects.

> **Note:** Applying material colors in blender will not be imported into studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert severity="info">
Note that material colors applied in Blender will not be imported into Studio.
</Alert>
```
